I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Pedro the Cowboy
It is a lovely sunny day.
Pedro has a new play tent.
Here are Peppa, George, Danny Dog,
Susie Sheep and Wendy Wolf.
Hello, Pedro.
Howdy, everyone.
Welcome to my cowboy camp! Ye-ha!
It's a tent.
It's a cowboy camp
where cowboys sleep at night time.
Are you going to sleep in the night?
Erm, no! That might be a bit scary.
But we can pretend it's night time.
But it's not night time.
Just pretend the sun is the moon.
OK!
Petro, can we be cowboys too?
Yes, you could be my partners.
Is my little cowboy hungry?
I sure am, Ma. That's how cowboys speak.
Would you cowboys and cowgirls
like something to eat, too?
Yes, please, Ma.
Did a cowboy always camp
next to their mummies' kitchen?
No. You have to pretend the house is not here.
This is the Wild West.
What's that?
The Wild West is the land where cowboys live.
What do cowboys do?
They tell stories, sing songs, and eat beans.
Beans on toast for everyone!
Hooray!
Cowboys love beans on toast.
Everybody loves beans on toast.
Who wants a cowboy song?
Do you know a real cowboy song?
Yes, I made it up. And it goes like this:
I'm with cowboys and eat my beans,
with a bing and bong and boo.
Baked beans bang! Baked beans boo!
Baked beans bingerly bongerly bang!
Let's have a story in the tent.
I can tell a story.
Make it scary.
It was a wet and windy night in the Wild West.
Woo!
And wild animals were out looking for food.
Looking for food, at night?
Some animals eat at night, Susie.
Wild animals.
Grrr….
And the brave cowboy Pedro was alone in his tent.
But he couldn't sleep,
because something was outside the tent.
Was it a wild animal?
What's that?
It is a wild animal!
Ahh~~~
Oh!
It is a tiny little bird.
Come to look at Petro's tent.
I think it was an eagle.
Eagles live in the Wild West.
Is everybody all right?
Yes, Mummy.
It's nearly home time.
But we haven't done the pretend sleeping yet.
Everybody back in the tent.
He he he!
Good night, partners!
Good night, cowboy Petro.
I'm glad there aren't any wild animals out there.
Ahooooo!
Wild animals!
Eeeeer!
It's a wolf.
Yes, it's my daddy.
Ahooooo!
Mr. Wolf has come to take Wendy Wolf home.
All their parents are here
to pick up the children.
Bye-bye, cowboy Petro.
Bye-bye, everyone.
Are you coming in, Petro?
I want a pretend sleeping a bit more.
OK!
Mummy, can I come in now?
Yes, my brave little cowboy.
Even brave little cowboys like
to sleep indoors sometimes.
Night, Petro.
Good night, Ma!